added to changelog (#1927)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed a bug where `.env` files didn't load. @nicolas-rdgs
* Fixed a bug where **validate** command failed when the *categories* field in the pack metadata was empty for non-integration packs.
* Added *system* and *item-type* arguments to **download** command to support downloading of system items.
* Added to **validate** a validation checking that script/integration/playbook have a README file. will validate only upon *-i* and *-g*

> * Fixed a regression on **doc-review** return the *-g* argument funcionality

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a regression issue with **doc-review**, where  the `-g` flag did not work
```
